this is Derek Derek is happy because
he's got a new trailer okay enough with
the viagra commercials this is a trailer
that Derek and I designed and built
together and is about 29 inches long 16
inches wide and it's made with one and a
half inch square tubing I'm sorry I have
3/4 inch square tubing the axle is made
of one and a half inch by 3/16 inch
steel and the bit you see in the middle
is to support the platform that we're
gonna put on it we're going to make a
wood platform the wheels are from a
jogging stroller that I bought at a
garage sale for about $10 and we've made
some good use out of that out of that
for other projects as well I ran out of
steel so I had to use some half inch
conduit that I had in stock in my garage
for the hitch
now the actual hitch interface to the
bicycle is nothing more than a couple of
caster wheels that we've bolted together
and well I welded one of the knurled nut
to it so it can go underneath the
quick-release right here all I have to
do is take the quick-release off and put
it underneath it put it back on and put
it back together and because it's neural
input slip while you're riding so Gary's
going to go around and show us the
demonstration how it turns and follows
the bicycle now you'll notice it is a
little bit offset to the left I did that
on purpose
so that when Derrick is riding and we're
in anybody's riding the bike sticks out
or the trailer sticks out a little more
so that traffic will be a little more
afraid of it and hopefully give the
rider a wider berth and a passes our
blue suburban and he's going to take a
left turn here and come back to me and
you can see that the trailer follows
with absolutely no problem and although
the the turning to the right is a little
bit limited it's by no means hindered
and it does as good as any trailer can
possibly do
here it goes for another turn again you
see the trailer has obviously no problem
following the whole trailer cost about
$15
not counting wheels and there are some
recycled parts in there didn't cost very
much to build on top of it we'll be
going pressboard
then we don't read from a construction
site in their scrap pile and that's
really all there is to it it's a it took
us about three days to build on and off
and overall it was a lot of fun so you
too can build your own trailer on a
tight budget and make it work